Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
The coldest female Alamo ever knew...
Was his mama.
Now. look. the man coming.
he ain't like your daddy.
He a good man. He a God-fearing man.
And I want him to take care of us.
Hot meals. clothes.
Shoes that fit. That sound nice?
He ain't the prettiest man.
but don't you say nothin'
about that. you hear?
You shake his hand
and you look him in the eyes.
'Cause he could love me.
But that don't mean nothin'
if he don't love you. too.
'Cause you the most important
thing in the world to me.
I sold him on this whole idea.
I made some big promises.
- Hi. you.
- How you doing. beautiful?
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Come on.
Mo?
This my friend I was telling you about.
I'm Preston. Nice to finally meet you.
Alamo. Nice to meet you. too.
Nice firm handshake you got there.
Thanks.
He seemed nice.
But his scars scared Alamo.
Shh.
Damn it. I'm gonna have to kill you too.
Now don't get me in no trouble.
He may have been ugly on the outside.
but on the inside. he was a good man.
Heavenly Father. thank you for the food
we are about to receive.
Bless the hand that prepared it.
and may it strengthen us
so we can continue to do Your work.
In Jesus name. Amen.
Amen.
And he loved his mama.
You're so beautiful.
Hey! Go to bed.
- Welcome to Messiah.
- Good morning. Good morning. brother.
I appreciate that. Thank you.
Thanks for coming.
Morning!
Alamo thanked God
for bringing Preston into their lives.
I want you to look to God
and I want you to say. "Lord."
- Lord.
- Come on. look up and say. "Lord!"
- "You got my attention."
You got my attention.
Hey. what's goin' on. brother?
- Solid. brother.
- Ah.
What kinda ice cream you want?
Strawberry shortcake.
Let me get two of those
strawberry shortcakes.
When you getting that settlement?
Soon.
You said "soon" a year ago.
Yeah. you know how they be.
They dotting they I's. crossing they T's.
After what they done to your face.
they oughta make you rich as cream.
Everyone said Preston used to be handsome.
Alamo didn't know him back then.
He worked at a chemical factory
until a vat blew up in his face.
Now. when I get this money...
We gonna send you
to one of those white schools.
You might have to wear a uniform.
Heck. you might even learn to speak French.
Don't tell your mama I bought
you no ice cream. right?
One day. Preston came home with some news.
Hey. babe.
What's that?
We rich?
- We rich?!
- Yeah!
- Got you somethin'.
- Preston knew that he was lucky
to have Alamo's mama.
So he treated her like a princess.
You love me. Daddy.
There was barely a day that went by
where he didn't come home with a gift.
You know I do.
You can place it right there.
Right next to the table.
Make sure not to scratch the glass.
And you be extra careful with these. please.
Careful with those.
That goes in the bedroom.
Ain't this just the most beautiful thing
- you ever seen. Alamo?
- Yeah.
- Did Mama enroll you at school today?
- Mm-hmm.
- Ain't that right?
- Mm.
Alamo. they excited to meet you.
They mention a uniform?
Mm. no. But I'll ask.
- Mm.
- They don't start till September.
Mo?
Homework. not cowboys.
Hey.
Yes. Mm-hmm.
Soon. love.
You'll see. Red box.
Middle drawer.
To this day. that was the best summer
of Alamo's life.
They even went to the beach
on vacation for Labor Day.
- Tell you a secret?
- Yes. sir.
Promise not to say anything?
Yes. sir.
When we get back home...
I'm gonna ask your mama to marry me.
Look. I know you had
a tough time with your daddy.
But I want to try to make up for that.
You know. give you and your mama a good life.
So. what do you say?
I got your blessing. young man?
Yes. sir.
My guy.
They were returning home to a new life.
So what was your favorite part? Hm?
The beach or...
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
- Oh. my God.
- Baby. baby.
No. no. no.
My jewelry. sh--
Oh. no. goddamn it!
- Baby. calm down.
- What am I supposed to stay calm for?
Ain't nothing in here!
They had been robbed
of everything they were worth.
What are you doing?
Why are you taking the bag?
- Baby?
- Alamo?
His mama wanted to take him and leave.
Okay. Alamo. time to go.
Baby.
Baby. please just don't. Don't do this.
I can fix this. I promise. baby.
Preston. ain't nothing for you to fix.
- I can fix this. Please.
- There's nothing here to fix.
This is some bad luck shit.
and I can't take it.
Go out the door.
- Come on.
- I can fix this.
I can fix this.
Alamo didn't understand why
they couldn't just go back
to the way things were.
Shit.
Why they had to up
and go to a whole new city.
Okay.
I make the best choices for you.
And let me tell you. that man was bad luck.
Hold this.
Hey. babe.
Check out the new digs. baby.
Come in. Alamo.
And close the door.
Oh! It's been a day.
You gonna make me a drink. babe?
Mm-hmm.
It's beautiful.
Just like you. sugar.
Now. which one of them jokers
you hired broke my cat?
Your cat look fine to me.
I'm talking 'bout my figurine.
Well. I can't tell you who broke it.
but I can damn sure fix it.
Okay...
You gonna put your stuff up on the wall.
Now that you're here.
how 'bout I put you on the wall right now?
Alamo realized it was all an act.
None of it was real.
Go.
Go down the hall. Which room is it?
It's all the way in the back.
I'll be down there later. honey.
It's the one at the end.
Don't look at me like that. Alamo.
You wasn't the one that
had to kiss his ugly face.
It was just one long con.
And the real mark wasn't even Preston.
It was Alamo.
He believed her.
That night. he made a promise to himself.
For as long as he lived.
never again would a bitch outsmart him.
Hyah!
Hey. man. What are you doing?
Stepping up to the plate.
it's The Great Bambino.
Come on. man. don't do that.
What are you doing?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no! Hey. come on.
- Come on. don't do that.
- Jack Dunn's baby.
I can-- I can-- no. no. no!
Hey. hey. hey. Hey. no. no. no!
No! No. no. Hey. hey.
Hey. no. no! I can help you!
No. no. the girl. The girl.
The girl. the getaway driver.
I know her. I know her.
and her name is Faye.
- Babe Ruth!
- No. no. no. no!
I can call her. I can call her.
I can get your money back.
I can get it back. Please.
Apparently. Faye sampled the drugs
they stole from the Silver Slipper.
And instead of getting high...
I've been on the toilet for two hours.
I can't stop shitting.
Aw. man. that sucks.
I hate when I have diarrhea.
Yeah...
Listen. Faye. I kinda need you
to do me a little favor.
Can you...
Can you just find Wayne's key.
the one to the safe.
and just. like. take a picture
of it next to a quarter?
Why a quarter?
Just for scale.
- This sounds complicated.
- It's not.
It's not really that complicated.
It's pretty easy.
And. if you do this for me.
I could let you--
Let you keep some money.
Like. rob them?
I'm not gonna rob them.
The only problem was...
...Faye had fallen madly in love.
You are the most beautiful girl
I've ever laid my eyes on.
Look...
I'm gonna talk to Laurie...
'Cause you shouldn't be muling.
Okay?
Mm-hmm.
Only thing you oughta be
carrying in that belly
is some fair-skinned babies.
It's my dream.
And. you know. one thing led to another.
and he gave me a tattoo.
Is it a butterfly?
Sexier.
Wait. so are you a Nazi now?
Not really.
- So. sort of.
- Just forget I told you.
Okay.
Look. I just need you
to get the picture. okay?
Can you do that?
The plan was simple.
Get a picture of the key to Wayne's safe
and have Alamo's guy 3D-print a duplicate.
I just can't.
Wayne is the love of my life.
Oh. alright.
Well. I'm gonna be fucking killed.
And all you need to do is take a picture. so.
I hope you're happy about that.
Why don't you just lie to them
and say I'll help you?
Aw. you know who--
You know who would fucking
help me right now. is Fez.
Fez would help me. but you know where he is?
He's in fucking jail. Why?
Because your last fuckin' junkie boyfriend!
Faye?
He helped you. and I need you to help me.
Can you do that?
Please.
He was a true friend. alright?
He had your back. he had my back.
And I need you to have
my back right now. man.
Can you do that?
Can you help me right now?
Please?
Faye?
You promise I can keep the money?
Okay. Okay. yes.
Yes. okay. I have to go.
Hey. puppy.
- Who you talking to?
- A friend.
Who's the friend?
The one in prison.
Your ex-boyfriend?
Just a friend.
Uh-huh.
You were doing coke?
I'm trying to put a fucking baby in you.
you doing coke?
This isn't actually coke.
I got two eyeballs. That's fuckin' coke.
You're not listening to me.
- It's not actually--
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Don't you try to fuckin' wiggle out of this.
Last thing I need is you to be
giving birth to some creepy crawly.
Okay?
Baby. you said you're gonna
take care of yourself.
I come in here. what do I find? Cocaine.
I'm sorry.
You been taking your prenatal?
Every day.
Pretty soon there ain't gonna be
no drugs. okay?
It's just gonna be money.
Stacks of it.
Baby. Bougie. Bougie.
Hey.
- You don't like money?
- I like money.
Yeah. you like money? You like it?
- Like designer clothes?
- Yeah.
- Mani pedis?
Look. whatever my baby needs. she gets. okay?
You like that? You like the sound of that?
- I love it.
- Yeah.
Well. good. 'cause it's coming. Okay?
Only one who don't see it
comin' is that fucking silverback gorilla.
Alamo Brown.
Mm.
Oh. shit.
Alamo agreed to meet Laurie at his house.
Showtime.
Alamo Brown. Thanks for having us.
I really love your house.
I hate that things have gotten
so contentious between us.
Well. if you'd apologized...
We wouldn't be here.
I like it here.
Yeah. I think we're in
a pretty good position.
So. what you want?
For my big Black ass to get
down on his hands and knees
and beg for mercy?
"Please. Massa Laurie.
Spare me. I don't know no better."
I'd fucking love to see that.
Oh. I bet you would. cracker.
I got something better in mind.
You own a company called
Gold Rush Medical Services?
I own me a lot of businesses.
Why the fuck you asking?
You mind explaining this one in particular?
I take me some girls down to Mexicali
for plastic surgery.
dental work. that sort of shit. Why?
Your ugly mug in need of a makeover?
Do you use ambulances?
Something like that.
You get them medical passes. too?
The ones that let you sail across the border?
I see where this is going.
So. if you were to go down to bolt some boobs
onto one of your whores.
it wouldn't be that difficult
to bring something back.
- You talking fentanyl?
- Something like that.
You know. there's something
I don't understand about your business.
Why y'all dumb motherfuckers
wanna kill the customer?
The real question is. why does the customer
wanna buy something that can kill them?
It's supply and demand.
Don't blame me.
And if I say no?
We'll take everything we stole.
wrap it up in a big box with a beautiful bow.
and we'll mail it to the FBI.
Well. I guess that's a yes. then.
Attaboy.
Hey. I'd watch your
motherfucking mouth. playboy.
If I do this...
I'll get my stuff back. right?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
And how do I know that your pasty ass
ain't gonna string me along?
Don't you read the news?
Bitch. I don't give a fuck about the news.
They're shutting the border down.
Putting hard-working Americans
like us out of business.
It's one and done.
and we all live happily ever after.
Hm.
How much am I carrying?
Eighty kilos.
Goddamn!
Mama's got a brand-new mule.
Jackpot!
Good job. Rue.
You know. I think I would like Mitch and Rue
to drive down.
Rue ain't going nowhere.
She's good at this.
I got people I trust more.
You don't trust Rue?
You pick your people. and I'll pick mine.
Deal?
Deal.
And if you as much as try
to fuck me in the slightest.
even put a pinky up my ass.
I will come down on you
like Hiroshima. Nagasaki.
Not a motherfucker left standing.
You hear?
Now. get your pasty ass
out of my fuckin' house.
If everything goes according to plan.
these people will spend the rest
of their lives behind bars.
Okay. so. what about me?
You did your job. you kept your word.
The U.S. attorney will look
at your case favorably.
- So that's it?
- For the time being.
- Okay.
- You did good. kid.
Never thought I'd hear that.
We're almost there. Stay sharp.
Thank you. God.
I tried to warn Maddy about Alamo.
I'm a big girl. Rue.
I'm not scared of him.
Okay. well. if he's such a monster.
why do you work for him?
Her goal was to milk
these girls for every penny...
And get Alamo to back her business.
One where she didn't
have to answer to anyone.
Yeah.
Hey. Maddy. are you sure this thing's safe?
Get kinda...
Like "Mm. it hurts."
Turn around.
Let me see a little bit of that ass.
And this last week...
Had laid the groundwork.
There she is.
The club is so photogenic.
- You gotta see these.
- I designed it myself.
right down to the last piece of fabric.
Well. you got good taste.
Tell me something I don't know.
Hey. I'm Maddy.
I know.
Take no offense.
This nigga got no social skills.
Hm.
I think this is a good one right there.
that's money.
Yeah. I really like this one.
Hey. I was thinking. it would be good
if you gave the girls some time off
so I could take them out.
introduce them to people.
start building their profiles.
What you talking about. time off?
Well. they work. like. six days a week.
Yeah. That's my money.
It would just be nice to have
some time with them so I can--
Look here. when we made this agreement.
you didn't say nothing
about taking my bitches.
If you did. we wouldn't have this agreement.
I'm not trying to take your girls.
Bishop. do I look like a wet pussy?
- No.
- Then why do I feel like
everybody's trying to fuck me?
- How one feels is irrelevant.
- Irrelevant?
Motherfucker. you got eyes
and ears. don't you?
- Yes. I do.
- And what they seen and heard?
There are people trying to fuck you.
I don't know if Maddy Perez is one of them.
Against all odds. life was looking okay.
Maybe every mistake I've made
led me to the right place after all.
You know what I think my problem is?
There's only one?
I have no responsibilities
to anyone except myself.
I think that's why I have
so much anxiety and depression.
Now. if I had kids.
I think it'd be different.
- You wanna have kids?
- Yeah.
I wanna start a life.
Get married. have a family.
I don't know if you're ready for kids. Rue.
Nobody's ready for kids. right?
But they just do it.
Then your problems aren't
about yourself anymore.
Mm.
How long have you been sober this time?
A bit. I mean. like a while.
I'm not really counting the days this time.
I just want good old-fashioned
American problems.
What you're talking about is fantasy.
Yeah. well. what you're doing
is kinda a fantasy.
You're in a relationship with a married guy
who's never gonna be there.
Opposed to you?
I mean. I wanna wake up to someone I love.
Someone who depends on me.
Someone who expects me to be
the best version of myself.
I think that's the solution.
Because I have to live for
something greater than myself.
And you think we're gonna be that?
Why not?
How romantic.
I want to be with you.
I don't get it.
Well. the last time we were together.
- I just thought that it was--
- A mistake.
A mistake?
You show up. you disappear.
You make plans. you don't follow through.
and now you're here.
like. professing your love?
Where's our relationship? In your head?
I mean. I'm sorry.
Did we not just have
an amazing time together?
Am I crazy?
I'm sorry. I thought it was--
A big fucking mistake.
It almost cost me my relationship.
This place. literally everything
I'm working towards.
So this is your future now?
To like. be hidden in this place here?
His wife knows about me.
What does that mean. Jules?
He's not gonna leave his wife for you.
Jules. come on.
You're just a little toy
that he keeps locked in a little room.
"Don't go anywhere. don't see anyone. just--
Just stay there and paint
until I come back to fuck you"?
Ellis is gonna be here in 45 minutes.
so I suggest you get
the fuck out of my painting.
So. you walk in. get Marc's attention.
say the lines. and that's the scene.
Picture's up!
- Picture's up.
This your first time on camera?
Kinda.
Just take a deep breath.
you're gonna be great.
- Cassie only had a few lines.
- Roll sound.
- Sound speeds.
- But she studied them religiously.
Mark.
And action!
- Oh.
- Oh. my God.
She's got an interesting figure.
- Yeah. she's very womanly.
- Mm.
Hi.
Are you hiring?
Are you good?
Well. I worked at Tableau for over a year.
I see. So. Jagger was your boss.
What are you implying?
Jagger and I go way back.
Let's just say you're not the first girl
to come running once the honeymoon's over.
Wait. The honeymoon?
Let's just say you're not the first girl
to come running once the...
...Honeymoon is over.
I'm just trying to survive.
What?
Is that the line?
What's she talking about?
- This isn't the dialogue.
- I mean. you think you would know someone
after five years. but you don't.
Did you give her the wrong script?
I don't know what's happening.
Well. you must have 'cause
I didn't write those lines.
Yeah. what's she talking about?
- Spencer. that line's not in the script.
- Does anybody have a...
He just lied and lied and lied.
And I did everything for him.
and what do I get in return?
A bloody nose on my wedding night.
Did Jagger hit you?
- What's he doing?
- I don't know.
he's rolling with it though.
Should we just cut?
You know. I find it rather compelling.
Let's just let it roll.
Maybe I deserved it.
Hey.
- No woman deserves to get hit.
- No. but I do.
I stole him from my best friend. I mean...
I think this is the price I pay.
It's very compelling. but how does this
- fit into the script?
- I don't know.
It feels fresh and it's giving me the feels.
I think she's got something.
Well. she might.
but she seems a little unhinged.
Excuse me! Is someone gonna cue me?
Enter!
Hello. Marc.
So. you gonna introduce me
to your little friend?
Oceana.
This isn't what it looks like.
I have all the dirt to shut
Jagger bars down.
And cut!
Was that improv? What were you doing?
You okay?
Yeah.
I want to see that girl.
How long have you been acting?
Basically my whole life.
- Have you?
- Mm-hmm.
Yes. Lexi. I have.
It's been my dream to do it full-time though.
Especially on a show like LA Nights.
Well. I hope you learned from this experience
and you continue to grow.
So. what do you do for a living?
- I create content.
- For OnlyFans.
OnlyFans?! That's that site.
- Mm-hmm.
- So. you pose nude.
Oh. no. not fully nude.
You've posed fully nude.
I mean. it is so tasteful.
so it doesn't even look like it's nude.
What about. like. your special requests?
- Oh.
- Fetish stuff and JOIs?
JOIs?
What's that?
It's just when...
When guys pay me extra money
- to kind of tell them--
- It's jerk-off instructions.
- What?!
- Is what it stands for.
- That's insane.
- So you're a sex worker.
No. I am not!
I am not a sex worker.
- They need instructions?
- I'm a performer
that uses my body to tell stories.
Huh.
So. how does that affect you emotionally?
The hardest part is how people treat me.
- Oh. Yeah.
- Even my own family.
But it's also very empowering.
Hm. like a new sort of feminism.
Exactly.
That's debatable.
I see. So. as I understand it.
there's a lot of young women
who do this today.
Oh. my God. there's
a whole wave of girls like me.
Yeah. which is a problem.
This is why you brought her here.
To get her out of that world
and into a better one.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hm.
- Mm-hmm. yeah.
- That's a very interesting character arc.
Jane Fonda. Klute.
Young hustler. has a secret other life.
Tabitha's sister. Good girl. bad girl.
- Yeah.
- Brilliant!
Well. unfortunately.
"job applicant" only has one scene.
Does she?
Yeah. and then we
never see her again.
Maybe we do.
Oh. my God.
Are you saying you're gonna
write me into the show?
It depends.
You ready to leave that world behind?
Not just for us. but for your sister?
The answer you're searching for?
"Yes. ma'am. thank you."
Yes. ma'am. thank you.
- Yes! Oh!
- Look at us.
- Bringing families together.
- Aw.
I can't believe I'm gonna be
a main character.
Okay. she didn't specify main or supporting.
- It's just a storyline.
- I mean. this is my dream.
This is what I've always dreamed of.
I'm gonna be on TV.
People are gonna know my name.
You gotta tone it down.
Thank you. God!
I'm gonna be famous!
Not if you don't delete your OnlyFans.
Please help me.
Please help me. Please help me.
Nate. answer the fucking phone!
I need your advice.
Where the fuck are you?
Hm.
When I recommended her to casting.
I just knew you guys
would fall in love with her.
I like the storyline.
I like how risqué it is.
Totally.
You seem to have a pretty
good inside track on it.
Why don't you take a stab at it?
Oh...
What do you mean?
Write it. Why don't you write it?
Me?
Don't look so surprised.
Act like you deserve it.
The DEA told me to go
about business as usual.
So I brought the photos
of the key to Alexander.
Ah. This is gonna take me a minute.
You wanna come back in an hour?
Okay.
Fuck.
Yo. what's up?
Mom?
Sorry. I thought you were someone else.
It's good to hear your voice too.
Yeah. I'm good.
I mean. I've been better.
but. yeah. I'm good.
I'm actually in a church.
No. it's not a meeting.
I just kinda decided to walk in.
I mean...
I believe in God.
I guess...
I just figured if He exists...
Then so does redemption.
If there's redemption.
then there's salvation.
And I...
Kinda need that.
I just...
I don't really want to be stuck
with all the mistakes I've made.
It's hard to change
when all you can think about
is all the bad things you've done.
I just wanna be free to start over.
I just want to start over.
And I wanna be forgiven.
Thanks. Mom.
I miss you.
I miss you a lot. I miss being home.
Yeah. I'm gonna come by soon.
I love you.
I love you so much
and I'm sorry if I made it harder.
I didn't really realize how tough it is
to be out here by yourself.
I know I'm not alone.
Yeah. I know that.
But yeah. I'll...
But I'm coming home soon.
I love you. Rue.
Love you. Mom.
Why don't you just kill her character?
'Cause I'm supposed to build her up.
Mm. Okay.
So. build her up to kill her.
If someone doesn't die periodically.
people get bored.
Otherwise. it's just. you know...
Talking and talking.
How should I kill her?
There's so many ways.
Hello?
I got a package for Cassie Jacobs.
You can just leave it at the door!
I need a signature.
Okay.
One second.
Hi.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Fucking endangered?
You wanna fuck with my life?
You wanna fuck with me?
You wanna fuck with me?!
Well. fuck you. faggot. cocksucker!
You fucking fucks!
You wanna ruin my life?
You wanna ruin my fucking life?
I'll ruin your fucking life.
you fucking faggots!
Fuck you! Fuck you!
Little bitch
owes us money. huh?
No! No!
Come here. little bitch.
- No.
- Come here.
No. No.
Ah! No! No!
- Fuck! Ah! You...
- Oh!
Mm.
- You don't need it?
- You need it more than I do.
It's your plan.
Don't you wanna see it through?
You want me to go to Laurie's?
I want you to do whatever the fuck it takes.
Yo. what the fuck is that?
It's suppertime.
Jesus.
You know the story behind this snake?
Used to belong to Sweet. Dancer.
She had a whole freak act with it.
At night. she'd take it home.
let it curl up in bed with her
and fall asleep.
She loved this snake.
But one day...
It just stopped eating.
She switched from frozen rats to live ones.
He'd choke them out. but...
Still wouldn't eat.
Finally. she took it to the vet.
Said gotta be sick or something.
Vet shakes his head and says. "Miss...
This is a perfectly healthy python."
Sweet shook her head.
It's got to be something wrong.
That's when the vet looked her
dead in her eye and said...
"The reason it wraps
itself around you at night"
"is because it's sizing you up."
"And the reason it ain't eating...
Is because it's preparing
for a much larger meal."
Sweet came back to work.
told Alamo that story...
And I never heard him laugh harder.
He gave her ten bands for a snake
she'd have given him for free.
Why?
Because it's a reminder.
You never really know a motherfucker's
true intentions.
Totally.
You're gonna get inside that safe?
Yeah.
Good.
It'd be real awkward
if I lied to your mother.
My mother?
Leslie.
Nice lady.
Told her how well you're doing.
Lord saw that the wickedness
of man-- man-- thought--
Was great in the earth.
That every intent of
the thought-- the thought--
Is only-- was only evil continually.
Come on.
Shit.
Stupid ass car.
Piece of shit.
Ohh!
Oh. shit!
Fuck.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm